Crc example (#52)
MCU-Driver-HAL/MCU-Driver-HAL: examples/README.md

| trng          |   Gets random data from the true random number generator     |
| us_ticker_delay |   Blinks two LEDs in alteration using the microsecond ticker as a delay     |
| us_ticker_interrupt |   Blinks an LED in a callback     |

> | crc           |   Calculates the CRC of an array of 128 numbers with CRC module    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| crc           |   Calculates the CRC of a data stream     |
```
